Nomad Docs : Add API for Reload (#2570)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/nomad/v2.0.x/content/api-docs/agent.mdx

    https://localhost:4646/v1/agent/force-leave?node=client-ab2e23dc&prune=true
```

## Reload Agent

This allows a Nomad operator to trigger a reload of the agent's configuration with the API. 

> See the [configuration documentation](/nomad/docs/configuration#configuration-reload) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [configuration documentation](/nomad/docs/configuration#configuration-reload) 
```

Style guide nit: We use "refer to" instead of "see" ([do not use ableist language](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/blob/main/docs/style-guide/general/language.md#do-not-use-ableist-language))

Author: Thanks @aimee !
